### Karl Polen

Karl Polen is the retired, former Chief Investment Officer of the Arizona State Retirement System.  After 30 years in the private sector, he spent the last ten years of his career in public service overseeing the \$41 billion ASRS portfolio. Karl first became connected with ASRS in 1994 when he began a 12 year tenure as a trustee of the ASRS. Prior to joining ASRS, Karl worked 30 years in the real estate industry in diverse financial and operational roles including 15 years as CFO of Robson Communities, a developer of active adult communities, and 8 years as Executive Vice President of Pivotal Group, a diversified real estate investor and operator. In addition to board service with ASRS, Karl served on the boards of the Central Arizona Project, the Boys and Girls Clubs of Metropolitan Phoenix and on various Governor’s commissions pertaining to real estate and natural resource matters. 

Prior to commencing a business career, Karl worked in the music industry as a member of the Nashville Symphony and a studio musician.  He appeared with Johnny Cash, Charlie Daniels, Kenny Rogers, Tanya Tucker and many other country western and gospel artists.  He played the Spoleto Festival in Charleston, SC and the Festival dei Due Mondi in Umbria.

Karl earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Vanderbilt University, a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of Illinois and pursued additional undergraduate studies in mathematics and computer science at the University of Tennessee.